{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh8100\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 From March 4, 2024
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Hello everyone,\
\'a0\
I am attaching the full data tables to this email. We jumped the remaining group of Klotho samples to the top of our queue and finished them. All samples from both groups are now in the PRM data table, and I am attaching it to this email.\'a0 \'a0Note the AAS samples did not include ages, so I left this field blank. In some summaries, excel summarized this as \'910\'92, so they will be easy to find if you wish to update this.\
\'a0\
Brian and I reviewed all of the data, and four samples were rerun from group 1 due to failing our retention time quality control.\'a0 These include the label \'93rezipped\'94 in the Replicate Name field in the raw data tables, which are the rightmost 5 tables in the report.\
\'a0\
Please let me know if you have any questions!\
\'a0\
Best,\
Tim\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 From March 18, 2024
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Hello Greg,\
 \
Thank you for your feedback. I am out of the country and do not have access to all of my notes, it is possible I am mistakenly switching the first and second peptides. But as a short answer, yes, what you said is correct. Some of these peptide identifications and quantifications have a much higher confidence than others, and I believe two should be removed for QC reasons. \
 \
For example, the first peptide, third peptide and fourth peptide (1st KL2 peptide) all were primarily quantified from one transition, one fragment of the whole peptide. For the first and fourth peptide, it is very unexpected to only observe one fragment from such long peptides. We did observe peaks at this retention time from the recombinant protein, however with multiple transition fragments. I kept it in the original report because of this possible match. However, in the plasma samples we did not observe the additional transitions, which suggests these could be false positives (a peptide from a different protein with a similar mass/charge ratio), or that peptides from other plasma proteins are interfering with the elution and/or fragmentation, thus we are not accurately measuring it. This is a potential problem with any LC-MSMS experiment, and especially with plasma samples due the larger range of individual protein concentrations in plasma. Additionally, the peaks for the first peptide came off the column at multiple times within our expected window, all with the same single transition fragment. I included these in the original report because they had a small agreement with our measurements of the purified protein, but after further reviewing quality control specifications for PRM experiments, I consider the first and fourth peptides to fail QC for the reasons described above.\
 \
For the third peptide, due to it's small size, there are very few fragments to find, so finding only one major transition is not as unusual. Plus, in the testing with the recombinant protein, we observed this peak, at this retention time with only the single transition, so I have more confidence this peak is really from the third peptide of Klotho. In a future experiment, would first further optimize this collision energy for better fragmentation of this peptide. \
 \
The second and fifth peptides matched the precursor mass at the expected retention time, and had multiple transition fragments within the precursor peak. For these reasons I consider these to have higher confidence. \
 \
Looking forward to discussing further. Please ask questions anytime, I will reply as soon as I am able. \
Best,\
Tim}